Whats new page + whats next page (#697)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/news/whats-next.md

# What's next?

*With Akeneo PIM Enterprise Edition and Growth Edition being available as cloud-native SaaS applications, we can regularly deliver new capabilities that address your needs. We are excited to share the features that we are currently working on for our SaaS-based customers.*

## Product data mapping 

You discovered our `catalogs for apps` feature in the [October 2022 section]().  

> As we want to give app users the best experience and reduce the development cost for you, app developers, we are working on a mapping interface to avoid you to develop it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we want to give app users the best experience and reduce the development cost for you, app developers, we are working on a mapping interface so you won't have to develop it from scratch. 
```
